I will come back my student in this lecture here we are going to be creating a Querrey we are going
to be also inserting some values into the database on default values for rant sold parameters for our
crypt function.
For those of you that don't know about the crypt function go back to the security section that I have
on the Ph.D. course and learn about it.
I have a lecture that will explain everything about the crypt function.
Or you can go to PH BE THAT net and or you can search in google the crypt function BHB that net this
is that you are all right here.
All right.
And you can find out some more information.
I think this is the best option that we got is called crypto Blowfish.
I was searching online for other passwords or other functions to encrypt passwords I think Blowfish
is actually the best one for this course and the best secure one for for a while we need it for.
All right.
So come back here.
And very simple.
Let me just give you.
This is the start of the page it would tell you that it needs two parameters a string and then of course
the password here would give you some more information about exactly what the correct function is.
Blowfish and here will give an example also on how to do that right.
Is the crypt Blowfish.
This is the password.
It has 22 parameters and cost parameter 22 characters.
And the cost parameter right here.
Now again I have a lecture on that so that's why I'm not explaining much about it right now because
that would be like maybe five 10 minutes to explain it.
So go back to work and then come back here if you don't know about it.
So anyway so the first thing that we are going to be doing in this lecture is going to the database
going to the table users.
And then here we are going to be sorting some of the full values into our table.
Let's go to a structure round solved.
If you remember these field probably you were wondering why in the world why do we need this field right
this column.
Well this is the moment where we are going to be using it.
So let's click on change.
Let's go to the default and as defined and here we are going to be inserting some values right.
So the first value is going to be a dollar assigned to Y dollars signed 10 and then dollars.
This is the cost parameter that's what is called.
And then we're going to put any 22 characters that we want.
I use something like this.
I use some crazy strings 22 and I know for a fact that is wordier have 22 characters because I count
them and you can go ahead and count it if you want.
So I use some crazy strings.
That's what I use roll here.
You can see right there.
I use some crazy strings 22 and then you're going to save it.
Now if you put too much characters or less character you will get an error.
So make sure that you put 22 characters there.
And the cost parameter.
All right so now that we've got this now let's go back here actually right here and let's start making
our query here because what we want to do is we want to take that value out of the database and use
it with a crypt function and the past with us coming from the form.
And then we king encrypt it.
All right.
Because we don't one uses to come here put a weak password and then would or wouldn't want the hackers
to come behind them and decipher the PP-ASEL real easy one encrypted you know making it secure.
Now that we have clean data going inside the database we also need to encrypt the password there.
So let's go ahead and do that.
So let's do a query real quick.
I think we got time for equerry right.
Select Rand sold is the column name they're from users at the table and then send the query query in.
And this call this select.
If I can spell it right that would be nice.
Brad salt.
Querrey this used in my you are like where we function connection and query we've done this many times.
And let's just make sure that it works.
All right.
I think I'm going to make this video really short.
And this is the last call that we are going to be writing in this lecture for for this video and then
and then that's when we're going to finish it up because I know you guys have things to do.
So let's check to see if the score is good if it's not good and we're just going to say we can say just
die.
Let's do the proper way.
That's not good or sloppy code of we fail.
And that's just typing error.
My secure line.
All right.
Let's just do it the right way.
Connection.
All right.
So let's go back here and see everything works fine.
Should give us an error.
All right.
Everything looks good.
OK.
All right.
So we don't we don't have an error we made the query here and we said some day some data into the database
table.
So the next lecture here we're going to complete this get some data out of the database out of the table
and show you how this works.
Thank you so much for watching this lecture and I see you.
And that's one